# stock_master - Preview

**Dataset:** `public`

## Rows (10)

- {"symbol": "AARVEEDEN", "company_name": "Aarvee Denims & Exports Limited", "isin": "INE273D01019", "categorization": "Small Cap", "market_capitalization": 458.6, "sector": "TEXTILES APPARELS & ACCESSORIES", "industry": "TEXTILES", "company_history": "Incorporated in Mar. '88 as a private limited company, Aarvee Denims & Exports Limited (formerly known Amtex India Limited) was converted into a public limited company in Apr. '92. The company has its plant at Narol, Ahmedabad. Promoters are Arora group and V B Shah group. The Company is engaged in the manufacturing and selling of denim and non denim Fabrics. It manufactures indigo denim fabrics. The company made a public issue in Nov. '92 to finance its expansion programme to expand both yarn dyeing and weaving capacity to 81. 60 lac mtr pa and 41. 68 lac mtr pa respectively and to manufacture quality denim fabrics. Commercial production of the expanded capacity commenced in 1992-93. In 1994-95, the company, as a diversification measure, implemented a project to set up an open end spinning unit for the in-house requirement of yarn. Pee Vee Synthetics is a subsidiary of the company, through which exports are done. During the year 1997-98 ,the company has added 24 Nos High Speed Tsudakoma Airjet looms to match the increased dyeing sizing capacity. Expansion in spinning capacity from 5441 TPA to 7441 TPA was also undertaken. The company has installed additional looms during the year 2000-2001 and by increasing the installated capacities the production has gone up by about 35 to 40%. In 2004-05, Company increased its capacity for production of Denim Kibric from 33 million metric tonnes per annum to 47 million metric tonnes per annum at its Isarol Plant. Simultaneously, Spinning capacity inclusive of Ring Spinning increased from 13000 million metric per annum to 17000 million metric per annum at Wage Sari Plant. In 2005-06, the Company set up a small gabardine processing facility at its Unit I, Narol, Ahmedabad and in 2006-07, it implemented  a large gabardine processing facility at its Unit I, Narol. The first phase for expansion of Denim for 12 million metric was completed in March, 2011. On November 17, 2017, the Company incorporated a subsidiary company in the name of M/s. Aye Ess Spinning Mills Private Limited, Ahmedabad. Thereafter, it acquired 100% equity shares of the said Subsidiary Company and accordingly, it became wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.", "updated_on": "2025-08-13 00:00:00"}
- {"symbol": "ACLGATI", "company_name": "Allcargo Gati Limited", "isin": "INE152B01027", "categorization": "Small Cap", "market_capitalization": 923.0, "sector": "TRANSPORTATION", "industry": "TRANSPORTATION - LOGISTICS", "company_history": "Gati Ltd was incorporated on April 25, 1995 as Gati Corporation Ltd. The Company is a pioneer and leader in the Express Distribution and Supply Chain Solutions in India. It is engaged in the business of E-commerce logistics, and running of fuel stations. The Company launched many path-breaking initiatives in the logistics segment. The business of the company is movement of the cargo from one place to another using multimodal transport models ie Road, Rail, Air & Sea. They also offers specialized logistics services. The company commenced their operations from May 5, 1995. Gati Desk to Desk Cargo and Shipping division of Transport Corporation of India Ltd were transferred to Gati Corporation Ltd with effect from April 1, 1996. The name of the company was changed form Gati Corporation to Gati Ltd with effect from October 24, 2000. In January 1, 1996 the company entered into a strategic alliance with Indian Airlines, to offer the customers a twin advantage of efficiency and cost-effectiveness. In the year 1997, they introduced the concept of third party logistics (3PL), which offered completed logistics and supply chain management solutions. In the year 1999, the company expanded into International Cargo Segment by making tie up with Bhutan and Maldives Postal department. In November 2001, the company launched the first exclusive hi-tech and high speed cargo train between Mumbai and Kolkata in association with Indian Railway. In July 2002, they commenced another Millennium Parcel Express between Mumbai and New Delhi. During the year 2002-03, the company signed an agreement with different service providers in Singapore, Hong Kong, Europe and US markets to support inbound as well as outbound movement of Cargo and documents to these locations. During the year 2003-04, the company launched a new product namely, WorldWide Saver to cater the bulkmailing requirements of customers, serving them to various international destinations. In July 2003, the company launched gati@web, which comprised of Gati Enterprise Management System, a 100% customized software that encompasses all the operations of the company. During the year 2004-05, the company launched state-of-the-art Express Distribution Centres at Kolkata, Jaipur, Pondicherry, Gurgaon, Ludhiana and Indore. In September 2004, the company entered into a special tie-up with Indian Airlines and launched Gati Gold and Gati Silver services, for speedy air-delivery of time-sensitive consignments at several major airports in India. In November 2004, they set up a Regional Office at Singapore. Also, they launched Gati Saver in the small package segment in the same month. In February 2005, the company's Coast-to-Coast launched a direct service between Chennai and Yangon in Myanmar and in March 2005, they set up a new office at Port Blair, which will significantly boost its operations in the Chennai-Port Blair sector. In June 2005, the company set up an office at Beijing as a gateway for their India-centric express distribution, warehousing and inventory management business in China. During the year 2005-06, the company established wholly owned subsidiary namely Gati Holdings Ltd at Mauritius, which had established further three step-down subsidiaries namely, Gati Asia Pacific Pte Ltd at Singapore, Gati Hongkong Ltd at Hongkong & Gati China Holdings Ltd at Mauritius. Also, the company strengthened their Coast to Coast division by adding two new ships - One on outright purchase viz, \"Gati Zipp\" and one on time Charter viz, \"Clarissa\". The Fuel Station Division of the company was de-merged from their core business and transferred to wholly owned subsidiaries. For this, the company incorporated four subsidiary companies namely, Trymbak Commercial & Trading Pvt Ltd, Newatia Commercial & Trading Pvt Ltd, Ocimum Commercial & Trading Pvt Ltd, and Sumeru Commercial & Trading Pvt Ltd in May 2006. During the year 2006-07, the company set up a A new state-of-the-art Data Center at the Head Office in Secunderabad, to house all the Servers & Storage. They have ventured into the retail market by launching \"Cafe Delivere\", a first of their kind retail store opened at Hyderabad and Pune. In January 2007, the company signed a MoU with China Railway Express International Logistics Company for rail and road cargo package delivery. The tie up will provide end to end distribution solutions from anywhere in India to anywhere in China and vice versa. In February 2007, Gati Asia-Pacific commenced their airfreight operations and warehouse in the Changi Air Cargo Complex FTZ. In April 2007, the company entered into an agreement with Air India for the development of a joint courier service. This alliance will offer courier services at an economical price and provide customers with a single window solution. In June 2007, the company opened a Mega Mechantronic Express Distribution Centre in Bangalore. During the year 2007-08, the company incorporated Gati Skyways Ltd and Gati Import Export Trading Ltd as wholly owned subsidiaries. Also, they incorporated a step down subsidiary namely Gati Japan Ltd in Japan. During the year, the company acquired 97. 24% equity share capital of Zen Cargo Movers Pvt Ltd, which is in the business of Clearing House. They entered into a Strategic Sales Alliance with General Logistics System (GLS) of Europe. This gave the company a valuable opportunity to penetrate into the European Market. In December 2007, the company acquired 73. 72% equity share capital of Kausar India Ltd, a company listed with Ludhiana and Delhi Stock Exchanges for an aggregate amount of Rs 19. 91 crore. Kausar India Ltd was engaged in transportation of perishable goods in refrigerated trucks. In 2008, Gati forged a strategic alliance with General Logistics Systems (GLS), a leading parcel service provider that reached 36 European countries. The Company acquired 2 vessels in 2008-09. In February 2009, Gati Coast to Coast launched MV Gati Pride, the company's first custom-built ship. In 2009-10, it opened 8 new depots, operating through a total number of 432 depots, reaching 20,000 locations across the country. A Network Monitoring Centre was established to monitor the fleet movement using VTS technology, offering service of excellent quality to its customers. The Company in 2009-10, implemented a high end Vehicle Tracking Solution (VTS) which provides information by the minute. This has been implemented on all our Service & Express Route vehicles. In 2012-13, the Scheme of Arrangement between the subsidiaries, Gati Express Distribution Limited, Trymbak Commercial and Trading Private Limited, Newatia Commercial and Trading Private Limited,  Ocimum Commercial and Trading Private Limited and  Sumeru Commercial and Trading Private Limited were amalgamated with the Company became effective from March 31, 2013. Post amalgamation of Five subsidiaries during the year, the number of subsidiaries of the Company stood at 12 in 2013. The Company in 2012-13, signed a Joint Venture agreement with Kintetsu World Express for its Express Distribution and Supply Chain business. The Company in 2012-13, restructured its business by transferring substantial part of its 'Express Distribution and Supply Chain' division to its subsidiary Gati-Kintetsu Express Pvt. Ltd. (JV Company). The Division was transferred to JV company with effect from March 31, 2012. The Company in financial year 2013-14  launched services like Gati ePack (packing solutions), Gati ePick model and Gati Reverse Pick-up. In 2014-15, it added 24 reefer vehicles to the existing feet of 200 and started work on the first cold warehouse near Gurgaon. During the year 2023, the Company opened three new hubs at Guwahati, Nagpur, and Mumbai.", "updated_on": "2025-08-13 00:00:00"}
- {"symbol": "ALEMBICLTD", "company_name": "Alembic Limited", "isin": "INE426A01027", "categorization": "Small Cap", "market_capitalization": 2469.5, "sector": "REALTY", "industry": "REALTY", "company_history": "Alembic Ltd is one of the India's most experienced manufactures of bulk drugs and pharmaceuticals formulation in human and animal healthcare. The Company operates primarily in three lines of business, manufacture of Bulk Drugs, Real Estate and Power Generation through Windmills and Co-gen Power Plant which is presently used for captive consumption for the operation of the Bulk Drugs Manufacturing plant at Vadodara. The Company has been dealing in Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) Business and Real Estate Business. The company is a ISO-9002 and ISO-14001 certified company with manufacturing practices and facilities that conform to WHO-GMP guidelines. They manufacture pharmaceuticals and chemicals, bulk drugs (penicillin and other antibiotics) and formulations. They are having their manufacturing facilities at Vadodara in Gujarat and Solan in Himachal Pradesh. Alembic Ltd was incorporated in the year 1907 with the name Alembic Chemical Works Co Ltd in Vadodara to manufacture tinctures and alcohol. They Started to manufacture cough syrup, vitamins, tonics and sulphur durgs in the year 1940. In the year 1961, they inaugrated the Pencillin Palnt. In the year 1968, they started to manufacture Streptomycin. In the 1971, they manufactured Erythromycin using expertise from Eli Lilly, USA and in the year 1972, they launched Althrocin, a brand of Erythromycin. In year 1997, Althrocin become top selling brand in India. In the year 2001, they started to manufacture Cephalosporin C. In June 2001, the company formed a wholly owned subsidiary company named Alembic Europe Pvt Ltd in UK. In the year 2005, the company has launched ZERO, a new generation, no calories, Sucralose Based Sugar Substitute which gave entry for the company into the high-growth lifestyle OTC product segment. In May 2005, the generic alliances and API division were merged to form an independent SBU. The company has set up a formulation manufacturing facility at Baddi in Himachal Pradesh with a production capacity 900 million tablets and 600 million liquid oral bottles annually. During the year 2005-06, the company has increased the installed capacity of Tablets & Capsules and Oral Preparation & Ointments by 595 Million Nos and 720 MT respectively. During the year 2005-06, the company acquired API Plant at Karakhadi in Vadodara. In the year 2007, the company acquired the Non-Oncology Business of Dabur Pharma Ltd. Also in the same year, they entered into a licensing agreement for its Novel Drug Delivery Platform for Keppra XR with UCB Belgium. During the year 2007-08, the company acquired the API manufacturing facility of Nirayu Pvt Ltd at Panelav near Vododara. The Company formed a wholly owned subsidiary viz. Alembic Global Holding SA in Neuchatel, Switzerland in 2009. The \"Pharmaceutical Undertaking\" of the Company demerged and the same got transferred to Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited with effect from Appointed date i. e. 1st April, 2010. The maiden real estate project -\"Samsara\" was completed in 2014. The Company launched second real estate project, VEDA in 2015-16. It further launched two API's in 2017. During year 2017-18, Alembic City Limited (formerly known as Alembic Exports Limited) became wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. During 2018-19, the Composite Scheme of Arrangement comprising of transfer and vesting of the Identified Real Estate Undertaking of Alembic Limited (the Company / the First Demerged Company) into Shreno Limited (the First Transferee Company/ the Second Demerged Company) and transfer and vesting of Engineering Division and Investment Division of Shreno Limited into Nirayu Private Limited (the Second Transferee Company) and their respective shareholders with effect from the Appointed Date i. e. 1st November, 2018 was sanctioned by the Hon'ble National Company Law Tribunal, Ahmedabad Bench (`NCLT') vide its order dated 26th July, 2019. Accordingly, Scheme was made effective from 26th July, 2019. The Company launched a residential project VEDA - II during 2020.", "updated_on": "2026-01-18 00:00:00"}
- {"symbol": "BARBEQUE", "company_name": "Barbeque Nation Hospitality Limited", "isin": "INE382M01027", "categorization": "Small Cap", "market_capitalization": 986.9, "sector": "HOTELS RESTAURANTS & TOURISM", "industry": "RESTAURANTS", "company_history": "Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited was originally incorporated as Sanchi Hotels Private Limited on October 13, 2006 at Indore, Madhya Pradesh, as a Private Limited Company. Subsequently, name of the Company was changed to Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Private Limited on February 18, 2008. Thereafter, the Company converted into a Public Limited Company and  name of the Company was changed to Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited on March 4, 2008. The Company is primarily engaged in the business of operating casual dining restaurant chain in India. The Company own and operates Barbeque Nation Restaurants, one of India's leading casual dining restaurant chains    The first Barbeque Nation Restaurant was launched in 2005 by Sayaji Hotels, one of the Promoters. Five Barbeque Nation Restaurants owned by Sayaji Hotels were transferred to the Company in 2012. The Company has steadily grown its owned and operated Barbeque Nation Restaurant network from a single restaurant in Fiscal 2007 to 81 Barbeque Nation Restaurants in 42 cities in India and one restaurant in Dubai as of June 30, 2017. In addition, as of June 30, 2017, the company had granted the franchise rights of one Barbeque Nation Restaurant. Through the Barbeque Nation Restaurants, the company pioneered `over the table barbeque' concept in Indian restaurants according to the Technopak Report. Live grills embedded in dining tables allow its guests to grill their own barbecues. The Company believes its Barbeque Nation Restaurants, compared to other fixed price dining options, offer competitive attractions such as a wide range of vegetarian and non-vegetarian appetisers and main courses, a popular dessert menu, a pleasant and casual dining environment and prompt service. The Company also periodically run popular food festivals at its Barbeque Nation Restaurants offering its guests a range of Indian, international and fusion cuisines. The Company is one of the few Indian companies in the organised Casual Dining Restaurant (\"CDR\") segment to have the own in-house chef training school for development of new products. The Company has recently diversified into a second brand, becoming the India franchisee of the American hamburger chain, Johnny Rockets. As of June 30, 2017, the company had five Johnny Rockets Restaurants in operation and an additional one Johnny Rockets Restaurant was under construction. The Company intends to scale up its Johnny Rockets Restaurants, currently located in Bengaluru, Delhi and Gurugram, to other Metro cities and Tier-I cities. It also offers fixed price vegetarian and non-vegetarian unlimited six course meals including burgers and milkshakes at some of its Johnny Rocket Restaurants, in addition to e la carte, to reduce the bite size encouraging consumption of a greater variety of dishes. The Company also intends to add new dishes to the current menu. In 2013, CX Partners acquired a stake in the Company followed by further acquisition of an additional stake in 2015. In 2021, the Company started with a store network of 164 outlets, which included 147 Barbeque Nation restaurants in India, 6 Barbeque Nation restaurants outside India and 11 restaurants which are operated by the subsidiary Red Apple Kitchen Consultancy Private Limited.", "updated_on": "2025-08-13 00:00:00"}
- {"symbol": "BOSCH-HCIL", "company_name": "BOSCH HOME COMFORT INDIA LIMITED", "isin": "INE782A01015", "categorization": "Small Cap", "market_capitalization": 3856.2, "sector": "CONSUMER DURABLES", "industry": "CONSUMER ELECTRONICS", "company_history": "Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning India Company (formerly known as Hitachi Home and Life Solutions (India) Limited) was incorporated in December 07, 1984 as 'Acquest Air Conditioning Systems Private Limited'. It was converted into a deemed public limited company in Jun. '89. The Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing, selling and trading of `Hitachi' brand of Air conditioners, refrigerators, chillers and VRF (variable refrigerant flow) systems. Manufacturing facility for Air conditioners is set up at Kadi (North Gujarat). It provides a diversified range of customized and innovative air conditioning products. The Company possesses a wide distribution network with 4 regional offices, 18 branch offices, above 10,000 sales points and more than 1,500 service points. On 22, Jan. ' 99, the Company issued 5165490 equity shares to Hitachi, Japan and Hitachi India Pvt Ltd. , on prefrential basis making Hitachi group co-promoter of the company along with Lalbhai group. Subsequently it has been renamed Amtrex Hitachi Appliances Ltd. It has a technical collaboration with Hitachi, Japan. Amtrex is a leading manufacturer of air-conditioners. It has two plants, one at Kadi, Gujarat (a backward area), manufacturing air-conditioning and refrigeration appliances and other durables, the other at Silvassa manufacturing air-conditioners. It currently manufactures room air-conditioners consisting of window, split and multi-split air-conditioners under a technical collaboration with Hitachi, Japan, and markets them under the Amtrex brand. AHAL has entered into a joint venture with Cornelius, US, which will hold 51% of the equity in the venture. In May 2000, the company introduced 'Kalmin' a new 1. 5-ton window AC with a unique feature of sleep mode which saves on power to a extent of 34%. The company has adopted the technology route and is constantly developing and introducing new models along with upgrading existing models in all categories of Air-conditioning products. During 2000-01, the company has introduced new 'LOGICOOL' range of Window and Split Air-conditioners. During the year 2003, the company changed its name to 'Hitachi Home & Life Solutions (India) Ltd. '    The Company had, vide Letter of Offer dated 27 February 2013, offered fully paid-up Equity Shares at a price of Rs. 130 per Equity Share (including face value of Rs. 10 per Equity Share and share premium of Rs. 120 per Equity Share) to the Equity Shareholders of the Company on a Rights Basis in the ratio of 1 Equity Share for every 5 Equity Shares held by the Equity Shareholders on the record date, i. e. 6 March 2013. Company has made allotment of 4,230,876 Equity Shares on 8 April 2013 aggregating to Rs. 5500 Lacs. Proceeds of the Rights issue has been fully utilized for the objects stated in the Offer Document. During the year 2015, the Company shifted Jammu manufacturing facilities to its main plant at Karan Nagar, Kadi, Dist. : Mehsana, Gujarat to centralise the production activity. During the year 2016, the Company developed a Heat Pump Inverter Air conditioner, which can operate from -10 to 52C. The Company developed smart i-connect range of Split Air conditioners with Wi-Fi connectivity, which can be operated from any Android or Apple (iOS) Smart Phone. Apart from innovation in Split ACs, the Company's R&D facility also started a local production of 4 - way cassette indoor units and started development of the DX kit to operate Air Handling Units (AHUs) with Set Free Outdoor units in FY 2016. In FY 2016, the Company launched its new range of Air Purifiers, which caters to increasing, demand of Air purifiers in Delhi and other Metro cities. On 1st October 2015, Johnson Controls Inc. and Hitachi Appliances, Japan completed a global joint venture and commenced the operations of 'Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning'. Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning India Limited is a subsidiary of Johnson Controls- Hitachi Air Conditioning. Consequent to the above change, the name of the India unit has been changed from Hitachi Home & Life Solutions (India) Limited to Johnson Controls-Hitachi Air Conditioning India Limited on 19 August 2016. Through this joint venture, the Company has combined the rich heritage and innovative technology of Hitachi with the industry leading expertise and global network of Johnson Controls. The Company launched the 6. 1 ISEER Split Inverter Air Conditioner in the Indian market during FY 2016. In FY2016, the Company developed DFET (Dual Flow Expansion Technology) and launched 5 star rated machine in 2. 0 TR capacity, which is the only 5 star rated model in India in its class and introduced inverter type 'Spacemaker' models for telecom sector which save 30% more power as compared to the conventional 'Spacemaker' Model. Additionally, two APF Labs upto 3 TR capacity for room Air conditioners were also installed. These labs have (National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories) NABL accreditation too. During the year 2019, the Company has setup the global design center and spent capital expenditure of Rs 610 million. During the year 2019, the Company started providing design and development services to Group Company to design, and/or support development and improvement of features in new and existing air conditioning products. In FY'20, the Company introduced airCloud Pro in Indian Market which helped customer in accessing and controlling entire VRF system  centrally. It inaugurated new Global Development Center (GDC) in Kadi, Gujarat (India) on 4th Oct 2019. It introduced `Hitachi air' concept for a perfectly balanced and harmonious indoor air experience. It ventured into export business segment and started exporting products to to South Asian countries, like Nepal, Bhutan, Sri Lanka and Maldives and South East Asian Countries like Indonesia and Vietnam. In February 2021, Company had made a robust plan for summer season of 2020 with new product offerings with latest technology and advanced features and was ready to reach out to the customer through strong & nationwide channel network with aggressive marketing strategies & plans. It launched new products viz. Kiyora - 5 star Inverter series and Shizen - 3 star inverter series. Apart from new design aesthetics of Kiyora & Shizen, it introduced, a unique feature called `Ambience Light', to choose the preferred ambience at a glance to the Air Conditioner. Other features added in existing range of products included (a) WiFi technology Split AC model featured with voice command & mobile app control of Split AC from anywhere (b) Frost wash technology in 3 star inverter category, which cleans the evaporator coil with just a press of a button (c) Heat pump Inverter model which can work between -20 deg C to +52 deg C in 3 star category which is an addition to already having similar feature in 5 star model. [Heat pump models are popular in Northern region] (d) Inverter compressor technology introduced for window AC category (e) expanded the large tonnage capacity range of Takeshi model ranging from 1. 7 Tr to 3. 1 Tr for big size rooms and (f) Launched 1. 0 TR Inverter Split AC in fresh look with introduction of stunning design of outdoor unit & new indoor unit. With the change in the star rating criteria from July 2022, it upgraded and launched ready models from the current line up to qualify for new star rating. It strengthened the sales channel & registered more than 45% growth in Inverter Split Air conditioners & more than 17% growth in Fixed speed Split AC category. The Company worked on strengthening existing channels, expanding nationwide service network, bringing  efficiencies to supply chain, enriching product portfolio which helped increasing its presence in Tier 2 & 3 cities as well. It introduced VRF Sigma series in the Indian market and became the only Japanese brand having biggest single module upto 24 HP and combination upto 96 HP. VRF Sigma series adopted all inverter compressor design with newly designed high efficiency DC inverter compressor having precise frequency control in the range of 0. 1Hz increments with 110 steps. It launched SideSmartTM in 2021 with a leading-edge design and technology.", "updated_on": "2026-01-18 00:00:00"}
- {"symbol": "FEDERALBNK", "company_name": "The Federal Bank  Limited", "isin": "INE171A01029", "categorization": "Mid Cap", "market_capitalization": 66544.3, "sector": "BANKING AND FINANCE", "industry": "BANKS", "company_history": "Federal Bank Limited is one of the major Indian commercial banks in the private sector headquartered at Aluva, Kerala. The Bank operates in four segments: treasury operations, wholesale banking, retail banking and other banking operations. Treasury operations include investment and trading in securities, shares and debentures. The Bank's products and services include working capital, term finance, trade finance, specialized corporate finance products, structured finance, foreign exchange, syndication services and electronic banking requirements. The Bank has its representative offices in Abu Dhabi and Dubai and an IFSC Banking Unit (IBU) in Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City). The Bank offer its customers, a variety of services such as Internet banking, Mobile banking, On-line bill payment, Online fee collection, depository services, Cash Management Services, merchant banking services, insurance, mutual fund products and many more as part of its strategy to position itself as a financial super market and to enhance customer convenience. The Federal Bank Limited was incorporated on April 23, 1931 as Travancore Federal Bank Limited to cater to the banking needs of Travancore Province. It embarked on a phase of sustained growth under the leadership of Late K. P. Hormis. The Bank has a network of 1282 branches in India and provides retail and corporate banking, para banking activities such as debit and credit card, third party product distribution etc. , treasury and foreign exchange business. The Bank is governed by the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable Acts / Regulations. The Bank also has its Representative Office at Abu Dhabi & Dubai and had set up an International Financial Service Centre (IFSC) Banking unit (IBU) in Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City). In May 18, 1945, the registered office of the Bank was shifted to Alluvia. They opened their first branch at Alluvia and commenced operations. In the year 1946, they opened their second branch at Angamally. In March 24, 1947, the name of the Bank was changed to Federal Bank Ltd. In April 1947, they opened their third branch of the Bank was at Perumbavoor. In July 11, 1959, the Bank was licensed under Sec. 22 of the Banking Companies Act, 1949. The Bank floated several kooris one after another. They also introduced several new deposit schemes during the same period. In the year 1964, the Bank took over the assets and liabilities of the Chalakudy Public Bank Ltd, The Cochin Union Bank Ltd and The Alleppey Bank Ltd. In the year 1965, the St. George Union Bank Ltd was amalgamated merged with the Bank. In the year 1968, The Martha Dom Commercial Bank Ltd was amalgamated with the Bank. In the year 1970, the Bank became a Scheduled Commercial Bank. In the year 1973, the Bank became an Authorized Dealer in Foreign Exchange and the International Banking Department of the bank was started functioning from Mumbai. In the year 1975, the Bank opened 53 branches. In the year 1976, they opened 42 branches. In the year 1982, the Bank shifted the International Banking Department to Cochin as part of consolidation and centralization of activities. As part of the organization redesigning recommended by National Institute of Bank Management (NIBM), the Agricultural Finance Department was set up in head office in November 1984. In July 1985, the Bank set up Personnel and Industrial Relations Department. Also, they installed the first Advanced Ledger Posting Machine (ALPM-a Wipro banker) at Br. Alluvia-Bank Junction branch. In the year 1987, they inaugurated the administrative building complex. In the year 1989, the Bank entered into the Merchant Banking Operations. In March 1994, the Bank came out with the public issue. In February 17, 1997, the bank inaugurated their first ATM at Eranakulam North. In the year 2000, the Bank started their Any Where Banking (ABB) at Bangalore connecting all branches located in the Bangalore metro. They launched Depository Services in association with NSDL. Also, they commenced Internet Banking under the name of 'FedNet' with software support from Infosys Technologies Ltd. They entered into marketing pacts with some commercial agencies for their E-commerce business. In the year 2001, the bank made a tie up with Escotel Communications to launch mobile banking services using SMS technology. Also, they launched a new deposit scheme christened as 'Suraksha' for senior citizens. The bank became a member of INFINET, the financial network supported by RBI. In February 2002, they set up full-fledged systems for the RBI's Negotiated Dealing Systems (NDS) at the Funds & Investment Branch in Mumbai, enabling online trading in securities. In the year 2003, the Bank unveiled the Anywhere Banking that provided the convenience of doing transactions from 300-plus interconnected branches. In the year 2004, the Bank obtained the level of 100% interconnectivity among all their branches. Also, they launched an Equity Subscription Scheme, a new retail product for financing the IPOs and public issue applications of their own customers. The Bank joined hands with ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Ltd for premium collection through their branches and introduced new Fed e-Pay services. In the year 2005, JRG Securities Ltd forged an alliance with the Bank for providing loans for subscribing to initial public offers (IPOs). The bank emerged as the first bank in India to offer Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) across all of their branches. In September 2, 2006, Ganesh Bank was amalgamated with the Bank and the 32 branches of erstwhile Ganesh Bank of Kurundwad Ltd were successfully integrated to bank's network. During the period of 2006-07, the Bank entered into a joint venture agreement with IDBI Ltd & Fortis Insurance International N V for incorporating a Life Insurance Company under the name of IDBI Fortis Life Insurance Company Ltd. During the year 2007-08, the Bank opened their Representative office at Abu Dhabi, Capital of UAE for the gateway of the bank to the whole of Middle East and also as an interface between their existing customers of GCC countries and its Branches /Offices in India. In March 2008, the Bank's joint venture life insurance company, IDBI Fortis Life Insurance Company Ltd commenced their operation. During the year 2009-10, the Bank opened 60 new branches and 115 new ATM centres. During the year 2010-11, they opened 71 new branches and 73 new ATMs. As on March 31, 2011, the total number of branches and ATMs of the Bank increased to 743 and 805 respectively, as against 672 and 732 in the last financial year. As of March 31, 2011, the Bank had two A category branches and 78 branches designated as B category for handling the foreign exchange business. Federal Bank opened 66 branches across the length and breadth of the nation on the occasion of the bank's 66th Founders Day on 18 October 2011. In November 2011, the bank launched its second 24x7 Customer Care Contact Centre manned by differently able people. In December 2011, Federal Bank signed Inward Remittance Agreement with Samba Bank, one of the largest banks in Saudi Arabia (KSA). In January 2012, Federal Bank's Islampur branch became the first branch to implement ICT model Financial Inclusion product `FedJyothi' in Maharashtra. During the month, Federal Bank launched Fast Biz Visa International Business Debit Card to SME/Corporate Clients. In March 2012, Federal Bank formally launched 100 branches on a single day, pan India, taking the total number of branches 935. In April 2012, Federal Bank launched IMPS, the instant interbank fund transfer service through mobile phone by which the amount is instantly credited to the account of the beneficiary. In August 2012, Federal Bank opened its 1000th branch at Tiruvalla Muthoor in Kerala. In December 2012, the total employee strength of the bank crossed 10,000. Federal Bank's 3rd Currency Chest in Mumbai was inaugurated in March 2013. During the month, the bank's 'Money Exchange Bureau' was inaugurated at Trivandrum International Airport. Federal Bank crossed Rs 1 lakh crore of total business at the end of financial year 2012-13. In May 2013, Federal Bank introduced Value Added Services (Travel, Tax Advisory Service) to NRI customers through website. In June 2013, Federal Bank entered into a tie up with Tata Communications Payment Solutions Ltd (TCPSL) for acting as the sponsor bank for white label ATMs to be deployed by TCPSL. Federal Bank is the first bank in India to be the sponsor bank for White Label ATMs    In August 2013; Federal Bank launched FedBook, the first electronic passbook launched by a bank in India. FedBook is a mobile app through which customers can view their passbook details. Federal Bank's total number of branches crossed 1,150 in February 2014. The bank continued to expand its footprint and added 32 branches and 47 ATMs during the quarter ended 31 March 2014 to take the tally to 1,174 branches and 1,359 ATMs as on 31 March 2014. The bank added 29 branches and 33 ATMs during the quarter ended 30 June 2014 to take the tally to 1,203 branches and 1,392 ATMs as on 30 June 2014. During the quarter ended 30 September 2014, Federal Bank added 11 branches and 43 ATMs to take the tally to 1,214 branches and 1,435 ATMs as on 30 September 2014. Federal Bank opened its first International Standard 24 X 7 Banking facility christened Federal Experience Center on 21 November 2014 at Nedumbassery, Kochi. In March 2015, Federal Bank joined hands with Startup Village in Kerala and MobME wireless to launch India's first focused FinTech Accelerator Programme, a unique programme that aims at speeding up technological innovations in the financial sector space. In May 2015, Federal Bank and SBI Card announced their collaboration to launch Federal Bank-SBI co-branded credit cards. Through this alliance Federal Bank launched two new variants of Visa credit cards for its customers, namely Platinum and Gold `N More. In June 2015, Federal Bank launched Scan N Pay, an innovative payment app for smart phones. The bank also launched Mobile Recharge facility through its ATMs. The shareholders at the last Annual General Meeting of the Bank held on 29 June 2015 had approved the issue of bonus shares in the ratio of one equity share of the Bank for every one share held having a face value of Rs. 2/- each. The allotment of bonus shares was made on 10 July 2015 to those shareholders of the Bank as on 09 July 2015 being the record date, fixed for the same. The Bank allotted 85,79,45,206 fully paid up Equity Shares as bonus shares which also includes One Global Depositary share (GDS) issued as bonus for every GDS held to the existing holders as on the record date. In August 2015, Federal Bank launched its first digital loan Fed-E-Credit, an online loan against deposit facility. During the month, the bank enabled Card-to-Card fund transfer facility through its ATMs and also launched FedBook Selfie - a mobile based savings banks (SB) account opening application which is first of its kind in India. In October 2015, Federal Bank became the first bank to introduce Currency Conversion Desk and mobile ATM facility at the Cochin Port, facilitating passengers of cruise ships to exchange currency upon arrival. During the month, the bank introduced Missed call based banking services for Balance Enquiry and Mini Statement. During the month, Federal Bank became the second bank to open an International Financial Services Centre (IFSC) Banking Unit (IBU) in Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City). In December 2015, Federal Bank introduced Missed call based banking services for Mobile Recharge. In January 2016, Federal Bank introduced Missed Call based banking services for Fund transfer. In March 2016, Federal Bank launched Payment Gateway facility for KSEB electricity Bill payment. In April 2016, Federal Bank entered into a strategic partnership with Phillip Capital (India) Pvt. Ltd. , a subsidiary of the Singapore headquartered Phillip Capital group, for providing Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS) services to NRIs. The Bank had 1252 branches and 1516 ATMs as on 31 March 2016. During the year, the Bank had opened additional branches and ATMs during the year to improve its footprint throughout the country including un-banked centers as per RBI's guidelines. The Bank had opened maximum number of branches in the chosen states of Andhra Pradesh and Kerala. In June 2016, Federal Bank launched `Launchpad', an exclusive outlet for start-ups. `Launchpad' is a one stop facility providing a range of advisory services in addition to customized banking offerings to budding entrepreneurs who wish to set up start-up ventures in diverse sectors like Digital Financial Services, Biotechnology, Hi-Tech Farming, Healthcare, Logistics, E-Commerce/E-Markets etc. In August 2016, Federal Bank launched its Unified Payments Interface (UPI) application 'Lotza'. Built on the concept 'Accounts of different Banks on one App', Lotza offers seamless and secure financial transaction capability between accounts of different Banks through a single app. On 15 November 2016, Federal Bank announced that RBI has given its approval to the bank to open a representative office in Manama, Bahrain and also to open a branch in DIFC, Dubai, UAE. The Credit Committee & Investment and Raising Capital Committee of the bank at its meeting held on 29 June 2017, approved the issue and allotment of 21. 55 crore equity shares to Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIB) at the issue price of Rs 116 per share aggregating to Rs 2500 crore. The Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) issue was closed on 27 June 2017. The Bank had 1252 branches and 1667 ATMs as on 31 March 2017. It also has its Representative Office at Abu Dhabi & Dubai and an IFSC Banking Unit (IBU) in Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City). On 8 November 2017, Federal Bank announced that the Reserve Bank of India has given its approval to the bank for opening representative offices at Kuwait and Singapore. With the opening of these offices, the bank will be able to widen its services to NRI Diasporas and also enhance the international visibility of the bank. In FY 2017-18, the paid up capital of the Bank was increased by an amount of Rs 431034482 by allotment of 215517241 equity shares of Rs 2/- each raised by way of qualified institutional placement and Rs 9500 by allotment of 4750 shares by way of release of rights abeyance shares. The overseas Representative Offices, the officers in GCC countries and the NR virtual desk continue to play a major role of the bank's NRI customer acquisition. In FY 18, the bank entered into Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS) tie up with three prominent broking firms for NRIs to invest in Indian Equity market. The total business of the bank crossed the milestone figure of Rs 2 lakh crores in Q4 March 2018. The bank also delivered its highest operating profit of Rs 589 crore in Q4 March 2018. During the year 2018, in Agri business, the Bank had partnered with Supply Co. ; Kerala in financing the paddy growers in Kerala and the arrangement facilitated association with large number of small & marginal farmers and the Bank. As on 31st March 2018, the Bank had two A' category branches and eighty-eight 'B' category branches/ offices for handling foreign exchange business. Entire Foreign Exchange / Trade Finance Transactions are centralized to extend timely and efficient service to forex clients and improve effectiveness of the branches. During FY 18, the Bank in foreign exchange business introduced the concept of Trade Hubs in all metro cities and other major centres to bring more efficiency in handling trade transactions. On 11 May 2018, Federal Bank informed the stock exchanges that the Reserve Bank of India accorded approval to the bank for acquisition of up to 19. 90% of the equity capital of Equirus Capital Private Limited (ECPL) as against approval of the Board of Directors of the bank for acquisition of a significant minority stake of up to 26% of ECPL. Earlier, on 22 February 2018, the Board of Directors of the bank approved acquisition of a significant minority stake of up to 26% of ECPL, a financial services company, subject to statutory and regulatory approvals and satisfactory completion of financial and legal due diligence. On 11 May 2018, Federal Bank and Fedbank Financial Services Limited (Fedfina), a wholly owned subsidiary of the bank, entered into definitive agreements for Fedfina to issue fresh equity shares, subject to statutory and regulatory approval, constituting 26% of the post-issue paid up share capital of Fedfina, to a fund managed by True North Enterprise Private Limited. On 12 June 2018, Federal Bank and Equirus Capital Private Limited (ECPL) entered into definitive agreements for investment by the bank upto 19. 89% in the equity share capital of Equirus Capital Private Limited. Total business of the Bank improved by 20. 21% to reach at Rs 245177. 29 Crore as on 31 March 2019. Also 20. 50% growth in deposits and 19. 86% growth in advances (net) helped the bank to clock this number. Total deposits reached Rs 134954. 34 Crore and advances (net) reached Rs 110222. 95 Crore and on averages, deposit portfolio of the bank grew by 19. 09% to reach Rs 116752. 51 Crore and advance portfolio grew by 24. 33% to reach Rs 98337. 60 Crore. During FY 2019, the bank conferred with the 1st Runner-Up award under the `Overall Best Bank' category among Banks with asset size below Rs 1,50,000 crore, at the 11th edition of `Magna Awards 2019' instituted by the `Business World'. The Bank has 1251 branches and 1669 ATMs and 269 cash recyclers as on 31 March 2019. During the year 2019-20, total business of the Bank improved by 11. 98% to reach at Rs 274557. 99 Crore and 12. 85% growth in deposits and 10. 93% growth in advances (net) helped the Bank to clock this number. The total deposits reached Rs 152290. 08 Crore and advances (net) reached Rs 122267. 91 Crore and on averages, deposit portfolio of the Bank grew by 17. 93% to reach Rs 137688. 94 Crore and advance portfolio grew by 16. 02% to reach Rs 114095. 06 Crore. The Bank has won NSDL special recognition award for The First Bank in India to offer online demat account opening facility and Best Innovative Strategy of the year by CII-CDT& ETBFSI Excellence Awards 2019 for the category Most Innovative partnership strategy of the year- by a Bank, instituted by Economic Times. The Bank has 1263 branches and 1937 ATMs and cash recyclers as on 31 March 2020. During the year 2020-21, total business of the Bank improved by 10. 91% to reach at Rs 304523. 08 Crore and 13. 37% growth in deposits and 7. 86% growth in advances (net) helped the Bank to clock this number. The total deposits reached Rs 172644. 48 Crore and advances (net) reached Rs 131878. 60 Crore and on averages, deposit portfolio of the Bank grew by 13. 31% to reach Rs 156016. 40 Crore and advance portfolio grew by 8. 10% to reach Rs 123337. 38 Crore. The Bank has 1272 branches, 1947 ATMs/Recyclers and 10 Mobile ATMs as on March 31, 2021. The Board of Directors of the Bank had pursuant to its Resolution passed on June, 16 2021, subject to the consent of the Members, approved the issue and allotment of up to 10,48,46,394 Equity Shares of Face Value of Rs. 2/-each  at an issue price of Rs. 87. 39/- each under Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018. During FY 2020-21, the Bank upgraded various digital platforms, such as FedNet, Lotza and FedBook (for retail customers); FedCorp, Corporate FedNet, Paylite and Fed-E-Biz (for corporate and SME customers). These upgradations led to enhanced experience and security for customers. In FY 2021-22, 71,979 personal loans amounting to Rs. 770 Crore were disbursed to customers through self-service facilities. During the year 2021-22, total business of the Bank improved by 7. 26% to reach at Rs 3,26,628. 92 Crore and 5. 25% growth in deposits and 9. 90% growth in advances (net) helped the Bank to clock this number. The total deposits reached Rs 1,81,700. 59 Crore and advances (net) reached Rs. 1,44,928. 33 Crore and on averages, deposit portfolio of the Bank grew by 8. 54% to reach Rs 1,69,339. 74 Crore and advance portfolio grew by 9. 03% to reach Rs. 1,34,478. 77 Crore. The Bank's Joint Venture Life Insurance Company, in association with IDBI Bank Limited and Ageas Insurance International N. V. (formerly known as Fortis), namely Ageas Federal Life Insurance Company Limited (\"formerly known as IDBI Federal Life Insurance Company Limited\"), commenced operations in March 2008. As on March 31, 2022, the Bank has a total stake of Rs. 208 Crores in the equity of the Company holding 26% of the equity capital. The total premium collected by Ageas Federal Life Insurance Company Limited during the period ended March 31, 2022 was Rs. 2,207. 30 Crores. During FY 2021-22, the Bank added 12 new branches. In January 2021, Bank launched facility for renewal of gold loans online through Fed-e-Point, the self-service portal for customers. In February 2021, Bank introduced FedFirst, a customized savings account for kids. Bank launched a dedicated portal that would make the process of subscribing to Millionaire Federal Savings Fund deposit products  for NRIs hassle-free in March 2021. Bank introduced Self-Service Passbook Printing Kiosks at select branches. Federal Bank became the first bank in the country to go live with Google Business Messaging in April 2021. Federal Bank's own Credit Cards like Celesta, Imperio and Signet were launched for Existing to bank Pre-Approved customers. It launched Card Tokenization with Google Pay (Visa Debit cards) in June 2021. Bank introduced Fed Smart Saver Gold Loan Scheme, an innovative gold loan scheme that rewards the promptly repaying smart customer with 50% of the interest as rebate in Aug'21. In September 2021, Federal Bank partnered with Fintech partners Fi and Jupiter Money for customized Neo banking experience to Resident Individuals for providing banking services to the unbanked areas. In October 2021, Bank launched Imperio Family Banking, which is an impeccable banking service which is designed to suit the uniqueness of the targeted mid-HNI customer segments. It is a tailor made banking solution that offers a bouquet of premium class lifestyle offerings and a whole host of banking services at a discounted rate. In December 2021, Bank launched MahilaMitra Plus, an exclusive savings account for women that offers curated set of features, designed to make financial planning and investments easy and hassle free. In January 2022, Bank introduced a Green Deposit Scheme for special tenor of 2222 days, the proceeds of which will be exclusively utilized for funding the Green loan portfolio. In April 2022, Federal Bank is now Live as an issuer in e-RUPI Voucher, which is a cashless and contactless person and purpose specific digital payment solution launched by National Payment Corporation of India. e-RUPI vouchers can be shared with beneficiaries via SMS or QR code. In FY'22, two new features were added to the Bank such as authentication-based passbook printing and loan against deposit facility for instantaneous loans of desired amount to pre-approved customers through OTP-based authentication. Apart from this, self-service cheque deposit kiosks were introduced across 96 branches to reduce the counter transactions. The Bank tied up with fintech companies Epifi Technologies Pvt Ltd (Fi) and Amica Technologies Pvt Ltd (Jupiter) to provide personalised, user-centric banking and investment experience primarily focused on tech-savvy salaried individuals and millennials. Through the partnership, it provide savings accounts, recurring deposits, debit cards, payments and UPI services to users. In FY'22, the Bank announced launching of Federal One Card. The proposition was unique as the card being made of Metal and built with full stack tech, backed by the principles of simplicity, transparency, and giving back control to the user. The OneCard app developed in partnership with M/s FPL Technologies provides the best of experiences for the Indian Credit Card consumer which helps to manage the end-to-end card life cycle for a customer from card application, issuance, card controls, rewards, offers and payments. The partnership helped to acquire a good number of new to Bank happy credit card customers in 6 months of launch. In FY' 22, the Bank tied up with two Health Insurance partners Turtlfin (Star Health Insurance & Aditya Birla Health Insurance) for distributing insurance products digitally. It went live with three Account Aggregators - NESL Asset Data Limited, Finvu & Onemoney. Presently, two integration are under process - Anumati and CAMSFinServ. The Bank integrated with Maruti Smart Finance for instant car loan approval (for preapproved existing customer) in a few clicks at dealer location in FY'22. It launched sovereign gold bond distribution option in FedMobile. It tied -up with Cred Avenue for technology solution to manage direct assignment/ securitization portfolio. It launched an online lending platform, `federalinstaloans. com' for quick and hassle-free credit approvals for MSMEs. It launched investment portal in FedMobile that focuses on seamless and hassle-free digital on boarding of Mutual Fund business. It launched completely digital journey for issuing Credit Cards (for pre-approved existing customers) and Secured Credit Cards (for non-resident existing customers) with instant issuance of virtual credit card. The Bank introduced Imperio account for high net worth individuals (HNIs) and seafarer account for niche but opulent seamen community during the financial year 2022. The Bank has 1355 branches and 1916 ATM/Recyclers (including 2 Mobile ATM's) as on March 31, 2023.", "updated_on": "2026-01-18 00:00:00"}
- {"symbol": "PRIVISCL", "company_name": "Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited", "isin": "INE959A01019", "categorization": "Small Cap", "market_capitalization": 10429.0, "sector": "CHEMICALS & PETROCHEMICALS", "industry": "SPECIALTY CHEMICALS", "company_history": "Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited (formerly known as Fairchem Speciality Limited) is India's leading manufacturer, supplier, and exporter of aroma and fragrance chemicals and a globally trusted partner and supplier of bulk aroma chemicals. The Company has in-house integrated manufacturing facilities situated at Mahad in Maharashtra and Jhagadia in Gujarat with knowledge, expertise and capacity to perform critical reactions like Hydrogenation, Condensation, Grignard reactions, as well as unit operations like Pyrolysis, Reactive Distillation, High Vacuum Distillation, Continuous Distillation to deliver consistency. The Company incorporated in May 25th, 1985. It started manufacturing aroma chemicals in year 1992 with only two products, which it gradually expanded to a range of over 50 products as of today, having a capacity of over 32,500 tons per annum. It develops and produces custom-made aroma chemicals as per specific requirement of the customers. The company came out with a public issue in Feb. '95 to set up facilities at Sanand, near Ahmedabad, to manufacture 3248 tpa of distilled fatty acids like oleic acid, linoleic acid and palmitic acid; 2894 tpa of rice bran oil grade-1 and 625 tpa of monoglycerides. Company has made private placement in 1996-97, having paid up equity from 7. 00 Crores to 8. 50 Crores    The company has a technical collaboration with UIC, US. Equipment were procured from Sulzer, Switzerland; Feld & Hahn, Germany and UIC, US. During the year 1996-97, the second phase of Short Path Distillation Plant commenced its commercial production in the month of Nov'96. Company has export his main product viz. Deodorizer Distillate (Mixed Tocopherols) to Henkel Corporation who has buy entire production of this product. Company has placed the orders for putting up continuous fat splitting plant, which helps the company to upgrading the second stream of by product viz-Residual Oil by converting into split Fatty Acid, which can be upgraded by further processing in Fractionation plant & increased value of domestic sales. During 1999-2000, the company has successfully commissioned `Fat Splitting Plant' to increase the availiability of high value fatty acids for sale in domestic market. In 2001, Company started making Dimer Acid and Monobasic Acid by using one of its finished product streams. During year 2004, Company enhanced its annual raw material throughput capacity to 6,000 MT. In year 2006, it carried out laboratory trials of further concentration of Tocopherols. During the year 2010, name of the Company changed from H. K. Finechem Limited to Adi Finechem Limited w. e. f. 19th October, 2010. In 2011, it focused more on reduction of manufacturing cost per ton. It went through a complete re-engineering of its Energy Consumption System and Installation of new balancing equipments. The raw material throughput capacity was increased from 8,000 M. Tons to 12,000 M. Tons during the year. In 2013, the Company increased manufacturing capacity further to 18,000 MTPA. In 2014, Company increased its installed capacity to 24,000 MTPA and undertook CAPEX to increase this capacity to 45,000 MT p. a. In 2015, it further increased installed capacity to 45,000 MTPA. The Canada- based Fairfax Group signed a Share Purchase Agreement with existing (Indian) Promoters and acquired 45% equity stake in the Company, which completed in February, 2016. During Q3 of year 2015, Company commissioned new High Pressure Fat Splitting Plant and a new Fractionation column was commissioned. During the year 2016, Company commissioned its new Dimerization plant. In August, 2016, Fairfax acquired 51% equity stake in Privi Organics Limited whose business of Aroma Chemicals is now vested in the Company's wholly owned subsidiary company as per Scheme of Arrangement. Pursuant to Order of NCLT dated 30 June 2020, a Composite Scheme of Arrangement and Amalgamation was approved amongst Fairchem Speciality Limited (Demerged/Transferee Company), Fairchem Organics Limited (Resulting Company) and Privi Organics India Limited (Transferor Company) and their respective Shareholders, through which business of Privi Organics India Limited (POIL) merged into Fairchem Speciality Limited (FSL). Therefore, the business activities of the Company (FSL) has been demerged/transferred to FOL. In 2022, Company signed a Joint Venture Agreement with Givaudan SA, a Company incorporated in Switzerland, for manufacturing highly specialized aroma Chemicals for Givaudan and a new Subsidiary, Prigiv Specialties Private Limited incorporated on September 01, 2021, wherein Company controls 51% of total voting power.", "updated_on": "2026-01-18 00:00:00"}
- {"symbol": "ARSSINFRA", "company_name": "ARSS Infrastructure Projects Limited", "isin": "INE267I01010", "categorization": "Small Cap", "market_capitalization": 123.2, "sector": "CEMENT AND CONSTRUCTION", "industry": "CONSTRUCTION & ENGINEERING", "company_history": "ARSS Infrastructure Projects Limited was incorporated on May 17, 2000 as ARSS Stones Private Limited. On May 20, 2005, the name of the company was changed from ARSS Stones Private Limited to ARSS Infrastructure Projects Private Limited. Thereafter, the Company got converted into public limited company and the name was changed to ARSS Infrastructure Projects Limited on April 3, 2006. ARSS Infrastructure Projects Ltd is an ISO 9000:2001 certified company, which is engaged in construction activities in India. The company undertakes construction of railway infrastructure, roads, highways, bridges and irrigation projects. The company has developed expertise in railway construction projects, which includes earthwork, major and minor bridges, supply of ballast, sleepers, laying of sleepers and rails, linking of tracks etc. The construction projects are typically awarded through competitive bidding process to bidders with certain eligibility requirements based on their past experience, technical capabilities and financial strength. They bid for projects both on a standalone basis as well as through project specific joint ventures. The company's clients include Ministry of Railways, State Government of Orissa, Rail Vikas Nigam Ltd, RITES Ltd, IRCON International Ltd, National Thermal Power Corporation, Hindustan Steel Corporation Ltd, PWD - Orissa, IOCL, National Highway Authority of India, Vedendata, Nalco, Jindal Steel & Power Ltd, etc. The company has their presence in Eastern India, particularly in the state of Orissa. However, in recent years they have pursued opportunities in other parts of India including states of Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Jharkhand, Haryana, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. The company started as a construction company in the field of railway infrastructure development, mainly in the state of Orissa and subsequently expanded their business activities in the zonal jurisdictions of East Coast Railway, South Eastern Railway, South East Central Railway, Southern Railway and North Western Railway. Over the years, the company diversified their field of activities into other construction segments such as development and construction of roads, highways, bridges, irrigation projects, EPC activities for railways. Today, the company has emerged as one of the pioneer construction agency in regard to Infrastructure development activities and the \"Infrastructure\" brand has become synonymous with ARSS within and outside the State of Orissa    In the year 2000, the company established crusher unit at Nityananpur, in the district of Dhenkanal, Orissa. In the year 2002, they established two more crusher plants, one at Rambha in the district of Ganjam, Orissa (which was subsequently shifted to Champajhar) and other at Champajhar situated in the district of Khurda, Orissa. In the year 2003, the company diversified into the field of earthwork, rock excavation, construction of bridges & roadways and boring piles of large diameter. Also, they were awarded projects for constructing 5 major bridges at Bhubaneshwar. In the year 2004, the company entered into the first joint venture with Triveni Engicons Pvt Ltd to undertake and execute railway project. In the year 2005, they entered into joint ventures with other domestic and international partners, namely Harish Chandra (India) Ltd, Kalindee Rail Nirman (Engineers) Ltd, PT Adhikaria (Persero) etc for executing road and railway projects. In May 20, 2005, the name of the company was changed from RSS Stones Pvt Ltd to ARSS Infrastructure Projects Pvt Ltd. In the year 2006, the company received ISO 9001:2000 rating from Moody International in relation to construction of civil work like Road projects, Major Bridges, Minor Bridges, Earthwork, railway track linking work. Also, they established another crusher unit, at Chhatrama in the district of Khurda. In April 3, 2006, the company converted into public limited company and the name was changed to ARSS Infrastructure Projects Ltd. In the year 2007, the company entered into a joint venture agreement with Niraj Cement Structural Ltd and the said joint venture was awarded the project for reconstruction rehabilitation of Cuttack- Paradeep road (SH- 12) from 0 to 43 km and 43 to 82 km. During the year, the company established a crusher unit at Bhanjnagar in Ganjam. Also, they expanded the business into other parts of India, namely Rajasthan, Jharkhand, Haryana and Tamil Nadu for undertaking project work of railways and roadways. In January 28, 2008, the company entered into a joint venture agreement with Somdatta Builders for the construction for widening and strengthening of existing carriage way to 2-lane for Chandbali- Bhadrak- Anandpur road (km 0/0 to 45/0 of SH-9 and km 0/0 to 50/0 of SH-53) work under world bank assisted project to government of Orissa. Also, they received Trade mark registration from the Registrar of Trade Mark during the year. In 2010-11, the Company received the first BOT in Madhya Pradesh and PPP project for the development of bus terminal, Bhubaneswar. It completed 500 kms of rail track projects and constructed over 400 kms of roads and highways; completed construction of BRTS Corridor and development of Road (Package IB-C Zone Bypass to Panipech via Sikar road; Construction of Cuttack - Govindpur - Banki- Simar Road (MDR-77) from 33 km to 38. 15 km under 12th FCA; construction of Nayagarh-Jaganathprasad-Jhanjanagar Road (SH-210 from 45. 50 km to 58. 20 km and 60. 02 km to 62. 00 km); improvement of Badsankha-Tarini-Hinjili-SeragadaSorada Road (SH-36) from 40. 40 km to 54. 20 km under C. R. F. , special repair and widening of six-lane Bhubaneswar Nandankanan Road from the end of Municipality area Chandutora Road SH-42 (100. 50 km to 112 km) under 12th FCA. In Rail, it completed construction of railway siding Gatora to plant yard (0. 96 km to 12. 88 km) including earth work in formation of railway, road, bridgework and permanent way work with supply of materials for NTPC, Sipat, STPP; supply and installation of track, signaling and yardlighting works for the construction of Keonjhar-Tomka new BG railway line in Orissa, India; construction of plant yard, unloading bulb and MGR link line up to 5 km (including earth work in formation of railway, road, bridgework and permanent way work with supply of materials) for NTPC, SSTPP in PKG-II;   construction of MGR Link Line from 35 km to 40/955. 3 km and loading bulb and yard (including earth work in formation of railway, road, bridge work and permanent way works with supply of materials) for NTPC-Sipat SSTPP PKG-V; erection, construction and other ancillary work from Ambodala Railway Station to the alumina plant including intra-plant network for alumina refinery at Lanjigarh, District Kalahandi, Orissa on turnkey basis. In 2011-12, it completed nearly 9 projects which includes, Sarankul-Darpanarayanpur Road - 23 Km; Old Cuttack-Sambalpur Road - 9 Km; Gate No-4 to Sandhakund Basti-Paradeep Port Trust; Siripur Square to Fire Station Square; Barang bypass with Bhubaneswar Baranga Road; Marsaghai-Jamboo - 24? km Road; Jaleswar Bypass - 12. 2 km Road; Prayagi Krushnaprasad - 24 km; Tamaka Mangalpur - 13. 2 km and H. L Bridge over River Badanadi at Nuagoan. In FY 2021-22, the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways constructed national highways extending 4,450 Km compared with 4,956 Km in FY 2020-21. The Western route (Jawaharlal Nehru Port to Dadri) and the Eastern route (Ludhiana to Dankuni) of dedicated freight corridors have been fast-tracked. In FY 2022-23, 5,243 km of new lines, doubling and gauge conversion were achieved; 29 super critical projects, spanning 1,044 km and costing H11,588 crore (US$ 1. 5 billion), got commissioned. While four projects worth H1,408 crore (US$ 189. 05 million) were completed.", "updated_on": "2025-08-13 00:00:00"}
- {"symbol": "ICICIAMC", "company_name": "ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company Limited", "isin": "INE346A01027", "categorization": "Large Cap", "market_capitalization": NaN, "sector": null, "industry": null, "company_history": null, "updated_on": "NaT"}
- {"symbol": "LGEINDIA", "company_name": "LG Electronics India Limited", "isin": "INE324D01010", "categorization": "Large Cap", "market_capitalization": NaN, "sector": null, "industry": null, "company_history": null, "updated_on": "NaT"}
